### Gorschek & Wohlin “Requirements Abstraction Model” 
 The model will allow companies to ensure comparability between requirements, and hence it generates important input to activities such as prioritization and packaging of requirements before launching a development project. The motivation for RAM was to address needs identified at DHR, the same needs that were later confirmed by a second (independent) development organisation, and their explicit interest in tailoring RAM to their products. RAM enforces work-up rules that abstracts and breaks down requirements as needed, offering requirements on several levels of abstraction reflecting the needs of a development organisation. Product Level requirements can be compared to product strategies, in an attempt to dismiss out-of-scope requirements at an early stage.
### Gorschek & Davis “Requirements Engineering. In search of dependent variables” 
 The impacts of successful RE process change are not limited to just projects. A process change that is highly successful at the requirements phase and project levels can be a total disaster if it results the creation of a product that nobody will buy or use. It also suggests that product strategies should reflect long-term goals, but these goals also have to be aligned to both current market and technology trends. If engineers, managers, and marketing personnel develop and share responsibility for monitoring dependent variables in collaboration, each group realising that a process change affects more than one quality level, success and failure will be judged on a different scale than today. 
### R. Berntsson Svensson, T. Gorschek, B. Regnell, R. Torkar, A. Shahrokni, R. Feldt (2012) “Quality Requirements in Industrial Practice – an extended interview study at eleven companies”, IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, vol.38(4), pp. 923-935 
 This paper presents the results of an empirical study that examines QR in practice in 11 software companies. The importance of identifying the needs of a particular company type before dealing with improvements of how to handle QR can be discussed. REQUIRES and CVALUE are considered as the most common and important interdependency types to identify. Consider about cost estimation of QR, a) There is no distinction between FR and QR during cost estimation. b) Expert opinion is the predominant method for estimation. c) In the worst case, B2B has much more inaccurate estimates than B2C. To lower the dismiss rate of QR by improving the specification and quantification of the more difficult ones, it may be easier to keep them in the project instead of dismissing them when running out of time. 
### J. Karlsson, K. Ryan, “A cost-value approach for prioritizing requirements”, IEEE Software, 1997. 
 Our cost–value method is based on a well-established analytical technique and, with reasonable effort, provides a clear indication of the relative costs and values of all candidate requirements. There are five steps to prioritizing requirements using the cost–value approach. 1) Requirements engineers carefully review candidate requirements for completeness and to ensure that they are stated in an unambiguous way. 2) Customers and users (or suitable substitutes) apply AHP’s pairwise comparison method to assess the relative value of the candidate requirements. 3) Experienced software engineers use AHP’s pairwise comparison to estimate the relative cost of implementing each candidate requirement. 4) A software engineer uses AHP to calculate each candidate requirement’s relative value and implementation cost, and plots these on a cost–value diagram. 5) The stakeholders use the cost–value diagram as a conceptual map for analyzing and discussing the candidate requirements. In this paper, the case studies have shown that, even in its present form, the cost–value approach is useful for prioritizing requirements. At the same time, communications between customers, users, and project managers are always likely to be difficult. A clear understanding of the choices involved in requirements selection can greatly assist this communication. 





