###Read up on the Boston Matrix[1] 
Boston Matrix helps the company allocate resources and is used as an analytical tool in brand marketing, product management, strategic management, and portfolio analysis. Analysis of market performance by firms using its principles has recently called its usefulness into question.

To use the chart, analysts plot a scatter graph to rank the (or products) on the basis of their relative market shares and growth rates.

Cash cows is where a company has high market share in a slow-growing industry. These units typically generate cash in excess of the amount of cash needed to maintain the business. They are regarded as staid and boring, in a "mature" market, yet corporations value owning them due to their cash generating qualities. 

Dogs, are units with low market share in a mature, slow-growing industry. These units typically "break even", generating barely enough cash to maintain the business's market share. Though owning a break-even unit provides the social benefit of providing jobs and possible synergies that assist other business units, from an accounting point of view such a unit is worthless, not generating cash for the company. They depress a profitable company's return on assets ratio, used by many investors to judge how well a company is being managed.

Question marks are business operating in a high market growth, but having a low market share. They are a starting point for most businesses. Question marks have a potential to gain market share and become stars, and eventually cash cows when market growth slows. If question marks do not succeed in becoming a market leader, then after perhaps years of cash consumption, they will degenerate into dogs when market growth declines. Question marks must be analyzed carefully in order to determine whether they are worth the investment required to grow market share.

Stars are units with a high market share in a fast-growing industry. They are graduated question marks with a market or niche leading trajectory. Stars require high funding to fight competitions and maintain a growth rate. When industry growth slows, if they remain a niche leader or are amongst market leaders they have been able to maintain their category leadership stars become cash cows, else they become dogs due to low relative market share.

As a particular industry matures and its growth slows, all business units become either cash cows or dogs. The natural cycle for most business units is that they start as question marks, then turn into stars. Eventually the market stops growing thus the business unit becomes a cash cow. At the end of the cycle the cash cow turns into a dog.


###Weerd & Brinkkemper “Towards a reference framework for software product management” 
This paper presents the reference framework for software product management. In the basic framework structure, the basic structure of the framework is based on the object. At the same time, it is based on the set of stakeholders defined in the scope of work. And then , there are some generic internal and external stakeholders. In next section, it explains the four process areas about the reference framework for software product management. Portfolio includes the decision making of existing products, through analysis the trends of the market, and product development strategy to introduce new products, decide the lifecycle of the product, and conduct partnerships and contracts. Roadmapping is a metaphor for planning and portraying the use of scientific and technological resources, elements and their structural relationships over a period of time. It is used for business oriented long-term planning and technology forecasting. Requirements management includes the activities of collection, define, revising and organizing the incoming requirements from various stakeholders. Requirements management starts from collect the requirements from the company and external stakeholders. Release planning starts from the priorities of the product requirements.  After the prioritisation, the selected requirements will be implemented in the next release.  

######–  P. Carlshamre, K. Sandahl, M. Lindvall, B. Regnell, J. Natt och Dag, “An industrial survey of requirements interdependencies in software product release planning”, in Proceedings of the fifth IEEE Interna- tional Symposium on Requirements Engineering, 2001. 

This paper provide a survey in five companies and analysis their requirements’ interdependencies. We found only about 20% of the requirements are singular. And 20% of the requirements are involved in 75% of all interdependencies. There are six commonly used interdependencies of requirements: AND, REQUIRES, TEMPORAL, CVALUE, ICOST, OR. Above these interdependencies, AND and REQUIRES are functional-related and are tend to be in a bespoke development situation. ICOST and CVALUE are value-related and are tend to be in a product development situation. To support the release planning, a simple visualization technique is apply to the requirements and their interdependencies. It is a powerful tool and is good for release planning. 


######Reference
[1]“Growth–share matrix,” Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. 18-Dec-2015.
