###What Happened to Our Features? Visualization and Understanding of Scope Change Dynamics in a Large-Scale Industrial Setting
This paper presents an industrial case study. It is based on three projects and use the technique Feature Survival Charts(FSC) to visualise the scoping change dynamics. There are four milestones to control the project progress. MS1: At this stage, features should be set up include judgment of its market value and effort estimation. Both values are calculated using a cost-value approach. The history of scope changing is the input data for FSC. MS2:  Refined the features from the requirements which are specified, reviewed and approved. MS3: Refined the effort estimates and the scope is updated and baselined. Design teams refine the system requirements and start designing. MS4: The requirements work and design are finished and prepare to start complete it. The final scope is based on the development resources. 

FSC is the visualising overall trends in scoping. In the graphs, we can see which decision is made and when, and the impacts on the scope. X-axis shows the scope changes over time and each feature is positioned on a specific place on the Y-axis. Based on this, the whole lifecycle of a single feature are showed at the same Y-axis over time. Different colours show the changes of various scope. So each scope change can be viewed as a change of the colour. The study is based on three large platform projects in the case company. The result shows that in average experience almost one scope decision per feature for each project and a better understanding of the scope process is essential.
